# Team Standup - January 6, 2025

**Time**: 14:00 PM - 14:30 PM
**Duration**: 30 minutes
**Attendees**: John Smith, Sarah Chen, Mike Johnson, Self

## Transcript

**John Smith [14:00]**: Alright team, let's get started. Quick updates on what everyone's working on. I'll go first - I've been reviewing the Project Alpha API spec, looks really solid. Should be able to approve it today. Sarah, what are you working on?

**Sarah Chen [14:02]**: Thanks John! I've been focused on the database schema for Project Alpha. Working with the TiDB team to make sure we have the right indexes for the vector search functionality. Also coordinating with Mike on the deployment pipeline.

**Mike Johnson [14:04]**: Yeah, Sarah and I had a good sync yesterday. The Kubernetes manifests are almost ready. I'm a bit concerned about the scaling strategy though - we might need to load test before we commit to the auto-scaling configuration.

**Self [14:06]**: Good point Mike. On my end, I finished the API authentication section yesterday. Feeling really good about the OAuth 2.1 implementation. I also reviewed the Acme Corp contract - flagged a few technical concerns for Jane Doe in legal. The SLA commitments they're asking for are pretty aggressive.

**Sarah Chen [14:08]**: Oh yeah, I saw that contract come through. The 99.9% uptime requirement is going to be challenging given our current infrastructure. We should probably discuss that with leadership.

**John Smith [14:10]**: Agreed. I'll set up a meeting with the executive team. What else is on everyone's plate?

**Self [14:12]**: I'm planning to start looking at the microservices migration plan this week. Want to get a sense of the scope before our Q1 planning meeting next week.

**Mike Johnson [14:14]**: I can help with that. I've been documenting our current architecture and I have some ideas about how we could break things apart without disrupting the monolith too much.

**Sarah Chen [14:16]**: That sounds great. I'm also thinking about the data migration strategy. We'll need to be really careful about how we handle the transition.

**John Smith [14:18]**: Excellent. Let's plan a deeper dive on the microservices migration later this week. Any blockers?

**Mike Johnson [14:20]**: Not really a blocker, but I'm waiting on AWS to approve our increased quota request for the new cluster. Should hear back in a day or two.

**Self [14:22]**: No blockers on my end. Feeling productive this week.

**Sarah Chen [14:23]**: Same here. All good.

**John Smith [14:25]**: Perfect. Keep up the great work everyone. Let's touch base again Friday.

**[END 14:30]** Standup complete. Team is aligned and making progress.
